>> Scott Moss: Hope
everyone had some fun and
enough time to get some of those tests,
if not all of those tests to pass.
So I'm just gonna walk
through all those solutions.
And also you can check out to the master
branch or the solution branch and
see the solutions yourself.
But I'm gonna walk through the same
solutions that are gonna be on that
branch right now.
So the first thing that we're
supposed to do after we install and
do all that stuff is
create connection logic.
And this logic is very important because
the test itself actually uses this logic.
So it's basically gonna be exactly
the same thing that I showed you all in
the demonstration.
It's just gonna use the mogoose.connect
and then you pass the url.
That's it.
And once that's there, you're connected.
Like I said,
there are some other options you can pass
here depending on what version you have.
Like for me,
I might put use new url parser true or
something like that to get
the deprecation warrant to go away.
But it's not that important right now.
It still connects.
So once you add that url, like I said this
is very important because the testing
setup that I'm using is
using your connection logic.
So if this logic isn't working, then
none of the tests will execute properly.
So you would have had to
have done this one first,
which is why I put it
first in the checklist.
So once that's good,
then let's head over to the user spec
since Connor relies on user to be done.
And I'll just open these up side-by-side
so we can figure out what's going on.
So user spec, and then userjs.
All right, so the first test,
let's get this to pass.
It says first name must be required.
So we'll head over to the user schema and
to the first name declaration field here,
and we'll just put required true.
So we'll run that, and
then we'll run our test.
>> Scott Moss: Get that command,
I'm just gonna do a --watch.
If you do --watch in JS,
it will just keep the tests there and
run them every time you change a file, so
it doesn't have to rebuild every time.
So it looks like that one passed.
I got one that passed, and just to verify
if it was that one, we'll scroll up and
it was.
First name must be required.
So that one's good.
The next one says,
last name must be required.
Very much the same thing.
Just copy and past that required
field down, and we're good.
Test is re-running,
looks like two pass now.
And just to verify, last name must be
required, so that one's good, okay?
Keep going and if you want,
just a quick tip with jes.
You might see something that
says expect.insertions1.
This is because if your code didn't
throw an error I wouldn't know.
So I have to tell jes that you should
expect at least one insertion.
Because if this code didn't throw
an error, this catch would never run.
And therefore,
there would be no expectations.
And then we would never if your test or
failed.
We just wouldn't know.
So this is captioning a failure
that should be a failure, so
that's why I'm telling you to do that.
So for email, email must be required
very much the same thing so
I'm just gonna paste that
required true in the email.
And it looks like three is passing now, so
if we verify that, we have,
>> Scott Moss: Email must be required so
that passes.
So, that's good.
And then this is where it starts to
get tricky.
So email must be unique, okay.
So we talked about this one a little bit,
and it's just adding
the unique field here to true.
This is one way to do it,
we will talk about other ways to
do it when we talk about indexes.
Remember unique is not
a validation it is an index.
If you don't know what index is that's
fine we are going to talk about
indexes later.
But it is an index, it is not
a validation, completely different thing.
So unique true is going
to add an index here and
in a test you'll see me doing
something like user.init.
This is because indexes
take time to build.
And I need them to be built before
I can actually use them, so
user.init is telling mongoose,
hey I'm just going to wait until
you tell me when the index for the user
is done because indexes have to be built.
They are basically Data in a file,
and that file has to be written.
And I need it to be there so I can check
for validations against that index.
So wait for the indexes to be built, and
then try to create two users with the same
email, and we'll see what happens.
So it looks like four tests are passing,
before I go verify that.
Email must be unique.
So that one is good, good to go there.
What else do we have in here?
We have betaUser should default to false.
So we didn't talk about defaults, but
it looks like people were getting this one
to pass because it's so intuitive, right?
It's probably what you think it is.
Like what if I just add
a default here to false?
If you did that then you'd be right
because that's exactly what it is.
If you add a default field here.
And you can put whatever value you want,
as long as the value's
the same type as the type.
So if we go look,
we get 60 pounds here and
that right there fixed the other
test which needed other fields, too.
So pass two tests just with that one fix.